Move System.IO.Compression.DeflateStream lengthy remarks (#5366)
dotnet/dotnet-api-docs: includes/remarks/System.IO.Compression/DeflateStream/DeflateStream.md

> This class represents the Deflate algorithm, which is an industry-standard algorithm for lossless file compression and decompression. Starting with the [!INCLUDE[net_v45](~/includes/net-v45-md.md)], the <xref:System.IO.Compression.DeflateStream> class uses the zlib library. As a result, it provides a better compression algorithm and, in most cases, a smaller compressed file than it provides in earlier versions of the .NET Framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class represents the Deflate algorithm, which is an industry-standard algorithm for lossless file compression and decompression. Starting with .NET Framework 4.5, the <xref:System.IO.Compression.DeflateStream> class uses the zlib library. As a result, it provides a better compression algorithm and, in most cases, a smaller compressed file than it provides in earlier versions of .NET Framework.
```
